I have something to do with you
This is the Dong family, you are not welcome, you bastard
Roll yourself
Don't go presumptuous
Who told you to talk dirty in such a tone?
How can you help this bastard?
Ouch, I told you not to commit serious crimes
Korazo speaks
Son, hurry in
Your mother and grandmother are waiting for you.
Ah Qian is here
Mom, what's the matter?
Come here and I'll tell you
What? They want to settle?
Mom is worried that it will not be good for you to continue fighting like this
And look at grandma's face
Did my dad die in vain?
Did we suffer for so many years in vain?
Azar used to be in my Dong family's army
As long as you can forgive me?
I will definitely take you mother and son to compensate.
Haha, you know you can't control me.
So scared
I told you, on the anniversary of my father's death
That's when I destroyed your Dong family
Never break your promise
Who talks so arrogantly?